I pay my way. I pay by Wirex. *Content on the page not directed towards UK users!

Financial Services Liverpool Street, England 31K followers 201-500 employees

Overview
Wirex is a digital payment platform with a mission - to make crypto and traditional currencies equal and accessible to everyone. 
 
We’re making fintech simple. Our innovative mobile app and next-gen Wirex card lets you buy, store, exchange and spend a wide variety of conventional and digital currencies quickly and securely, with no hidden fees and zero fuss.
 
Download the app now and discover a world where every purchase earns you Cryptoback™ rewards - and using your cryptocurrency in real life is as easy as tapping your Wirex card.

*Content on the page not intended for UK and NZ users!

Website
https://wirexapp.com

Phone
02039346602Phone number is 02039346602

Verified page 
September 12, 2023

Industry
Financial Services

Company size
201-500 employees
255 associated members LinkedIn members who’ve listed Wirex as their current workplace on their profile.

Headquarters
Liverpool Street, England

Founded
2014

Specialties
payment solutions, cryptocurrency, finance, remittance, bitcoin exchange, mobile banking, low cost money transfer, blockchain, bitcoin, litecoin, ripple, currency accounts, e-wallets, e-money, Ethereum, bitcoin cash, FX, currency exchange, card payments, and payment cards

Location: 8 Devonshire Square, Liverpool Street, England EC2M 4YJ, GB


https://www.linkedin.com/in/digitaltomcole/
Tom Cole
Global Talent Acquisition Manager

https://www.linkedin.com/in/kateryna-babych-a4b929360/
Kateryna Babych
Senior Human Resources Specialist @ Wirex | IT Recruitment, Strategic Planning

With over two years of experience, currently contributing as a Senior Human Resources Specialist at Wirex, focusing on IT recruitment, strategic HR planning, and recruitment training. The team leverages expertise to align talent acquisition strategies with organizational goals, fostering a collaborative and innovative work environment. Committed to enabling sustainable growth by building strong, diverse teams that support Wirex's mission of providing cutting-edge financial technology solutions.